=Love Story in the 1970s=
=Episode 6=
(Stop that train now!)
(Go! Cut it off!)
(Alarm! Alarm!)
(Suri, Gis! Get in here!)
("Walter Defends Sarajevo")
(Yugoslavia)
Fang Muyang.
Let's switch seats.
No.
I can see better from here.
Come on.
It looks the same from anywhere.
Then why switch?
I just want this seat.
What's your deal sitting here?
Come on.
Let's trade seats.
Stop pulling me.
I want to sit next to Fei Ni.
Why sit here?
Don't block the view.
I'm not blocking anyone.
I just want to sit with Fei Ni.
I'll switch with you.
(Drive straight to Višegrad.)
(Why not?)
(It's been a long time.)
(Can you blow it without dynamite?)
(Only the living get to see it.)
This is good.
The fight's about to start.
(Gis, maintain speed.)
Here it comes.
Fang Muyang.
(Jiangcheng Worker-Peasant Hospital)
You should head up.
Let me walk you home.
No need.
If you do,
we'll have to walk you back.
By the time we're done, it'll be dark.
See you.
Ye Feng.
Today was unexpected.
I had no idea he'd show up.
I'll pay you back for the ticket.
No need.
I can afford a movie ticket
for a hero who saved someone's life.
But Fei Ni...
Don't you think
Fang Muyang might have feelings for you?
Absolutely not.
He lost his memory.
He forgot a lot of things,
even basic life skills.
I've been taking care of him lately.
That's why he keeps coming to me.
Once his memory comes back,
it won't be like this.
I get that.
But he's still a grown man.
He's running to you for everything
and...
He doesn't seem to know boundaries.
That's not good for you
or for us.
So,
I think you two should
stop seeing each other.
You have a point.
But actually,
the factory assigned me
to look after him.
And I promised Ms. Xu I would...
No.
If we're together,
we have to be mindful of boundaries.
As for my mom, don't worry.
I'll talk to her.
Then, it's settled.
There was actually something else
I wanted to tell you.
Fang Muyang interrupted earlier,
and I almost forgot.
Go on.
My mom mentioned something a while back.
For the past few years,
you've been trying
really hard to get into college.
I haven't given up.
Here's how I see it.
You want to go to college,
so you can
land a good job after graduation,
and find a good husband.
But now you're with me.
Whether it's you or your brother,
my mom can help
you both find good jobs.
So about college,
if we get married,
maybe you could let that go?
Think about it.
If you do go to college,
we'd just get married and you'd leave.
What would be the point of that?
Besides,
my mom would definitely want
her daughter-in-law at home.
She'd love to have a grandchild.
Fei Ni.
What do you think?
We can talk about the future later.
As for our relationship,
Ms. Xu doesn't know yet, right?
How does she feel?
How about this?
Come over for dinner sometime.
Don't worry about her.
She'll like you.
And if you don't want to
stay in the workshop,
I'll ask my mom
to transfer you to the office.
But about college,
do we have a deal?
I...
I'll think about it.
Alright.
Let's head home.
No need to walk me.
It's not even on your way.
All this back and forth...
Okay, I get it.
I'll go then.
See you at the factory.
Okay.
Bye.
(He wouldn't come back)
(because he was afraid
you'd have nowhere to live.)
(I promise,)
(within three months,
my brother will marry you.)
(I'm just worried that chasing college)
(and taking care of that "hero")
(will cost you your future.)
(If we're together,
we have to be mindful of boundaries.)
(You two should stop seeing each other.)
(Whether it's you or your brother,)
(my mom can help)
(you both find good jobs.)
So about college,
if we get married,
maybe you could let that go?
(Jiangnan University,
Teaching Building No. 1)
Fang,
this research project is highly valued
by the leadership.
It's highly confidential.
After careful consideration,
the committee feels
you're not the right fit.
But don't lose heart.
(You did a lot of groundwork.)
(It won't go to waste.)
(Summarize your preliminary results)
(and hand them over to Ding Yang
from your dorm.)
Excuse me,
how do I get to the Math Department?
Go inside and turn right.
It's you.
Do you remember me?
I don't.
Private rooms have been crowded lately,
so Fang Muyang
was assigned here.
Here, take a look.
That's really well done.
Thank you.
Fei Ni's here.
Fei Ni.
- Fang Muyang.
- You're here.
You made me look too old.
How is that old?
Fix it.
There's not even a wrinkle.
I'll redraw it another day.
You're here.
Yeah.
I've got it.
I'll do it.
I'll make the bed.
Leave it to me.
I'll handle it.
Tuck this side in like so.
Fang Muyang.
See? Nice and neat.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I took the day off.
I can take you out.
All day?
Let's go see a movie.
Okay.
After the movie,
we'll get you
some new clothes.
Let's go.
How many times have I told you?
Put the paint back when you're done.
Otherwise, it gets everywhere.
Got it?
Yeah.
("Waves of the Danube")
(Romania)
You must've seen this before.
Does it ring a bell?
Try to remember.
(I thought I'd give it one last try.)
(Maybe something would come back.)
(Guess there's no hope.)
(Forget it.)
(Let this be a final goodbye.)
(Hongxing Supply
and Marketing Cooperative)
Let me see this one.
That piece.
Sure.
Look.
It just came in.
How much is it?
Twenty yuan.
Twenty?
Excuse me,
could you get that dress down for me?
Sure. The green one?
Yes.
Alright.
That's for girls.
Nice and pretty.
Boys don't wear dresses.
Put it back.
I'm not wearing it.
It's for you.
I don't like dresses. Put it back.
Well, I don't like sweaters, either.
You'll freeze in winter without one.
It's not winter yet.
Trust me.
We're getting the sweater.
This one.
My sister gave me the money.
Trust me.
Get the dress.
The sweater.
So which one is it?
Wrap this up.
Are you sure?
Sure.
Pure wool, you know.
Thanks.
(Long Live the Great Unity)
Haven't you always wanted ice cream?
My treat today.
Okay.
No need for the menu.
Two fried pork cutlets,
two borscht...
- That's enough.
- And two...
And one ice cream.
Thanks.
Just a moment.
The pork cutlets here are great.
And the borscht, too.
I want you to try everything.
You'll love it.
Did something come back to you?
No.
They're just like the ice cream,
all right here.
Here it comes.
Thank you.
Go on, try it.
Fang Muyang.
If you get your memory back,
then my job will be done.
Even if I don't get to go to college,
at least, I won't
owe your sister anything.
We'll be square.
No debts between us.
Your fried pork cutlets.
Thank you.
By the way,
you're almost fully recovered now.
You can't stay in the hospital forever.
You'll get sick just being here.
Go to the Educated Youth Office.
Ask them for housing.
You're a hero,
and they won't ignore you.
Okay?
Okay.
Fang Muyang.
Remember this.
You saved four people
in a torrential storm.
The Educated Youth Office
and the Textile Factory
are obligated to take care of you.
Whatever difficulties you run into,
anything you need, you can ask them.
Personal matters
and work matters too.
And as long as you're in the hospital,
they owe you a bottle of milk every day.
If the nurse forgets,
ask the head nurse for it.
All your money's in here.
Including what I owed you before.
It's all inside.
From now on,
whether it's food or clothes,
you need to budget.
I taught you how.
At the rate you spend,
you won't last a month.
Got it?
You said a lot today.
I didn't catch it all.
Tell me again tomorrow.
I'm not coming tomorrow.
What about the day after?
Not then either.
Or the day after that.
I'm not coming anymore.
Fei Ni...
Is it because
I spent too much today?
If that's why,
I'll do it your way from now on.
I'll be frugal.
Look, I can wash my own clothes now.
I sewed my buttons back on.
I just can't quite tie my laces.
Fine. I'll show you one more time.
Watch closely.
Cross them.
Loop it around.
Pull it through.
Tighten it.
Pull snug.
Is that how I taught you, Fang Muyang?
It's too hard.
Teach me again tomorrow.
Are you doing this on purpose?
Fei Ni.
Don't be mad.
Please don't be mad.
I...
I'll learn tomorrow. I promise.
Just come teach me again.
I don't even want the money.
You keep it.
How long are you going to cling to me?
I'm not obligated
to tend to you every day!
I've taken care of you,
and you still can't tie your shoes.
How long are you going to hold me back?
Yes.
I admit it.
At the beginning, I used you.
But I've taken care of you
all this time.
I did my best.
I never took a cent from you.
I didn't get into college either.
So we're even.
I owe you an apology.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have dragged you into lying.
I shouldn't have overestimated myself
and promised your sister
I'd see you through recovery.
This is all on me.
Fang Muyang.
Right now,
I just want to focus on my own life.
I'm disappointed in myself.
I don't want
to disappoint my family too.
Let's not see each other anymore.
Fei Ni!
(Fang Mujing, 100 yuan)
(Fang Muyang!)
(Bad news!)
(Trouble at your house!)
(Yangyang,)
(don't blame your parents
for not taking care of you.)
(They had no choice.)
(Grandma can't stay with you anymore.)
(Grandma...)
(Fang Muyang.)
(You're no longer allowed to live here.)
(You leave tomorrow)
(for the countryside.)
(I'm leaving tomorrow.)
(We agreed
you'd hold onto this for now.)
(Treat it as a loan.)
(Forget it.)
(I'm not expecting you
to ever pay me back.)
(Fei Ni!)
Wait for me.
I promise
I'll pay you back double.
Alright.
I'll hold you to it.
Come down.
Fei Ni.
Why are you here again?
I told you
to stop seeing me.
Why?
Because
I have to set boundaries.
Are you marrying Ye Feng?
Maybe.
But don't worry.
Even if I'm married
and can't look after you,
the factory will assign someone.
Do you like him?
I wouldn't say I like him.
But I don't dislike him either.
He's a sensible choice for marriage.
Steady job. A place to live.
Anyway...
Anyway,
a lot of people don't marry for love.
Then why marry someone you don't love?
I have my reasons.
My own difficulties.
Only if I get married and move out
can my brother come back
and get married.
I owe him too much.
Why did you come?
Fei Ni.
If I get better,
will you still come see me?
If you get your memory back,
then my job will be done.
Even if I don't get to go to college,
at least, I won't
owe your sister anything.
We'll be square.
No debts between us.
Fang Muyang.
Fang Muyang!
Fei Ni.
Don't rush.
Once I have a job and a home,
I'll come find you.
Before that,
don't marry anyone.
(Jiangnan University,
Teaching Building No. 1)
What a coincidence.
We meet again.
Can I ask you something?
You teach math, right?
What are the odds
that two strangers run
into each other three times?
Less than 1.5 in ten million.
Do you know
how I got that number?
I'm listening.
I made it up.
Because your premise is flawed.
Is this really a coincidence?
You saw my work ID on the train,
didn't you?
You knew I teach here,
and that I'm
in the Math Department.
We met at the building entrance,
and here.
Are these really coincidences?
What exactly are you after?
I'm not after anything.
And let me say this again.
On the train, when your bag spilled,
it was an accident.
I don't go through people's things.
I have basic manners.
Then why are you here?
Dr. Qu!
Professor Wu.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Come.
Have a seat inside.
Get some water.
Just a moment.
Use this.
I brought this tea back
from Beijing last time.
Alright.
So,
how are your parents?
They're well.
(Jiangcheng Daily)
(Editor-in-Chief's Office)
Adjust the layout here.
Tweak these sections again.
Ting.
Come here.
These reader letters
are very representative.
Compile them later.
We'll write back to these readers,
and thank them for their suggestions.
Got it.
Excuse me.
Hello.
Who are you looking for?
The person in charge.
(Editor Liao)
What's this about?
I've done a few drawings.
I'd like him to take a look.
We only accept submissions by mail.
President Fu doesn't
have time for walk-ins.
If the vice president's busy,
[*"Fu" sounds like "vice"]
the president will do.
Are you here to cause trouble?
Leave. Now.
Or I'll have you escorted out.
I'm not leaving.
I'll wait for your president.
Are you sick or something?
Actually, yes.
I'm still hospitalized.
Get out.
Out!
Move!
Leave now!
What's all the noise?
I could hear it from the corridor.
President Fu.
Perfect timing.
He insists on seeing you.
(Fu Boquan)
Yang?
Uncle Fu.
What are you doing here?
Come.
Let's talk inside.
Make tea.
Why is he calling him "uncle"?
Ms. Ding.
Who was that man
looking for Professor Wu today?
(Ding Yang)
Dr. Qu Hua.
He's a neurosurgeon
at the People's Hospital.
Very humble and approachable.
He's unlike the other privileged men.
He is?
Professor Wu mentioned it.
I heard
his father's a senior military officer,
and his mother serves, too.
He comes from a top cadre family.
Then how does he know Professor Wu?
They go way back.
Professor Wu didn't elaborate.
But this time,
I think their hospital
wants to build a statistics system.
They need Professor Wu's help.
They're talking in the admin office.
I saw you two talking earlier.
You don't know him?
Not really.
We just ran
into each other on a train once.
That's odd.
He mentioned you to Professor Wu.
It sounded like you were close.
What did he say?
Nothing much.
Just that you'd met a few times.
And that you're good at math.
Ms. Ding,
I forgot something.
You head back to the dorm.
Alright.
See you.
It's obvious
that your fundamentals are solid.
You've built a strong foundation.
Whether it's line work or color,
you have your own perspective.
You've had talent
since you were a child.
Your father never admitted it.
I once made a bet with him
that one day, your achievements
would rival his.
But now...
I haven't seen my dad in a long time.
His last letter was six months ago.
When you were unconscious,
I visited you at the hospital.
After that, work just got too busy.
Uncle Fu,
if you feel you owe me anything,
then let me work here
full-time as an illustrator.
You haven't changed a bit.
If your father heard that,
he'd skin you alive.
But...
I do appreciate
your straightforwardness.
That said,
we have our rules.
Even as president,
I can't bend them.
You understand?
I do.
How about this?
The newspaper and the magazine
are jointly running a training program.
You enroll in that.
After you finish,
you can draw serial comics
for the magazine.
It won't be a formal staff position,
but the stipend
is quite decent.
How long is the program?
About two months.
What is it?
Are you short on money?
How much do you need?
I'll cover it.
Uncle Fu,
it's not money I need.
It's a job.
Two months...
That should work.
I'm in.
Good.
I'll make the arrangements.
Uncle Fu,
I have one more favor.
I've regained my memory,
but could you keep it quiet for now?
Why?
Because right now,
I need to be a patient.
What are you plotting this time?
Alright.
I'll keep your secret.
Thank you, Uncle Fu.
(Jiangnan University,
Teaching Building No. 1)
Dr. Qu.
I owe you an apology.
You've realized
that I had no bad intentions.
I'll get going.
Do you have time?
I'd like to take you to dinner.
I think that works.
Thank you.
Dr. Qu.
Let me formally apologize.
Sorry for questioning your character.
It's alright.
Maybe I do look
like someone up to no good.
I'm not great at jokes.
Neither am I.
May I know
what you said about me to Professor Wu?
Are you always this blunt?
The shortest distance
between two points is a straight line.
You're wondering
if I told Professor Wu
about the family photo
in your book, right?
So you did see it.
Relax.
I didn't say a word to Uncle Wu.
I give you
my word as a doctor.
Thank you.
Let's eat.
Are you free on Saturday?
Why?
I'll leave here Saturday afternoon.
I want to look around in the morning.
But I'm not familiar with the area.
I might get lost and miss my train.
I was hoping
that you could be my guide.
(I heard)
(his father's
a senior military officer,)
(and his mother serves, too.)
(He comes from a top cadre family.)
Alright.
(Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory)
Cover him, cover!
Spread out.
How's their training going?
Very motivated.
Next month,
we'll definitely beat Factory No. 9.
Set the screen!
Hold your positions!
Go, Ye Feng!
Nice shot!
Who's that girl?
Does she work here?
No.
From Jiangcheng University, I think.
She's been coming
to watch practice lately.
So she's a college student?
On defense! Spread out!
Ms. Xu, I heard
Ye Feng
might be dating Fei Ni.
Who told you that?
If he were dating,
I'd know about it.
Don't spread rumors.
Ye Feng's a man,
so it wouldn't hurt him.
But you can't damage
a young lady's reputation.
My mistake, Ms. Xu.
I understand.
Go to logistics.
Hand out new towels,
one for each comrade in training.
Got it.
Nice shot!
Alright, keep going!
Move! Stay active!
You two switch!
Cross over!
Go, Ye Feng!
Nice shot!
Alright!
Halftime!
Think it through.
We'll run it again.
Here.
Thanks.
Why have you been coming here so often?
Don't you have classes?
I'm here to watch you train.
By the way,
I wrote an article
about you...
About your team.
Take a look.
(Team Captain Ye Feng
takes a shot during the game.)
That photo makes me look pretty good.
Alright.
I'll keep working hard.
Okay.
Okay,
get back in there.
You've rested enough.
Focus.
Let's go!
Set the screen!
Hello.
May I
take a look at that article?
Of course.
You wrote this?
Yes.
You're...
Ling Yi?
And you are...
I'm Ye Feng's mother.
Hello, Mrs. Ye.
Here at the factory,
they call me Ms. Xu.
Nice to meet you, Ms. Xu.
(Jiangcheng Educated Youth Office)
Fang,
the organization has
approved your medical discharge.
But staying in the hospital long-term
isn't appropriate.
Don't worry, though.
We're already
(Director Gao)
looking into a solution.
Director Gao,
there's no need to deliberate.
I don't have any special requests.
Just a small room will do.
A single-story place is fine.
Near or far, it doesn't matter.
Fang.
I know you're a hero.
It wouldn't be unreasonable
to ask for more.
But we have real constraints.
You see,
you're on your own.
You can make do anywhere.
There are many others
returning with entire families.
Seven or eight people
squeezed into one room.
Wait,
I just remembered.
Jiangcheng No. 1 Textile Factory's
new dorms are finished.
Once they move out,
the old dorms will be reassigned
to those without housing
or stuck in temporary housing.
Now, they are assigning the slots.
See, since you were injured
saving one of their employees,
by any standard,
they should allocate you a room.
I'll call Ms. Xu now.
Thank you, Director Gao.
Ms. Xu?
It's Gao from
the Educated Youth Office.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
Director Gao,
you read my mind.
Our Party secretary
personally instructed
that Comrade Fang Muyang,
the one who saved our factory worker,
has made an outstanding
contribution to our factory.
He's always been
on our allocation list.
Of course.
The new dorms are tight on space.
But we can
assign him a room
from the vacated old dormitories.
♪After the laughter, I think of you♪
♪After the storm, I think of you♪
♪In the little courtyard,
there you are dancing♪
♪That earnest you,
smiling so innocently♪
♪In spring, I stay by your side♪
♪When summer comes, I watch over you♪
♪In the light of dawn, you belong to me♪
♪At the edge of the world,
I will still hold you tight♪
♪There is a small place♪
♪Where they carry big dreams♪
♪Every lovely face♪
♪Shines brightly in the heart♪
♪Even when we collide,
we hold our course♪
♪Even when we stumble,
we keep our resolve♪
♪My you, walking toward the distance♪
♪Please carry our dreams
and let them soar♪